it's a living heart it's definitely
something very special which is
different from any other objects in its
refinement in its proportion in its
detail but also in this in the whole
composition it's a great piece of art if
you look at the very first sketch this
car is so close you could almost overlay
the car next to the sketch which means
that we haven't compromised the
designers thought and the engineer's
thought into the car at all it's as we
first intended it's a very complicated
project because to do a one-off it's
probably easy but to do a 77 morning
offs is more complicated
has been an incredible journey when you
finally see the car moving as an amazing
sound to the engine that there's a grace
and a fabulous movement to the car when
you see it on the track it actually does
make the hairs on the back of my neck
stand up still when everybody is of
course excited about such a project
because for most people it is the one a
one-off in their life to do something
like this now it's all about the details
refinement getting it all in the proper
composition I do think it demonstrates
the quality of the team in the people
we've pushed the boundaries what of what
an Aston Martin can actually look like
it's open many many doors for us in
terms of developing the language of
Aston Martin the DNA of Aston Martin my
favorite line is actually the line that
comes off the top of the head lamp it
goes all the way down the side of the
car all the way around the back of the
car and joins to the other side it's one
single line that from any angle it looks
perfect it's both simple but complex at
the same time this car is everything to
become a classic but at the moment it's
the most model advanced a car and it's
not a classic
it is the car it is the concept it's the
whole thing it's it's the composition as
a whole which is great there is a
combination of power brutality grace
elegance which the car gives I see the
beauty I see the power I see this old I
see the craftsmanship I I see the piece
of art
car will remain a beautiful car way out
into the future and that's how we will
always approach designer san martin he's
alive it is much more than a sculpture
it's living up